Font - Ant Design
Ant Design
Design
Development
Components
Blog
Resources
6.6.5
En
Introduction
Design Values
Cases
Global Styles
Colors
Layout
Font
Icons
Dark Mode
Shadow
Design Patterns
Overview
Global Rules
Feedback
Navigation
Data Entry
Data Display
Copywriting
Data format
Button
Data List
Principles
Proximity
Alignment
Contrast
Repetition
Make it Direct
Stay on the Page
Keep it Lightweight
Provide an Invitation
Use Transition
React Immediately
Template Document
Visualization Page
Detail Page
Design Patterns (Research)
Form Page
Workbench
List Page
Result Page
Exception Page
Message and Feedback
Empty Status
Visualization
Motion
Illustrations
Font Family
Base Font Size
Font Scale & Line Height
Font Weight
Font Color
Advanced Tips
Docs
Edit this page
LLMs.md
Ant Design X
Ant Design Charts
Ant Design Pro
Pro Components
Ant Design Mobile
Ant Design Mini
Ant Design Web3
Ant Design Landing
Landing Templates
Scaffolds
Scaffold Market
Umi
React Application Framework
dumi
Component doc generator
qiankun
Micro-Frontends Framework
Ant Motion
Motion Solution
China Mirror 🇨🇳
Community
Awesome Ant Design
Medium
Ant Design in YuQue
Ant Design in Zhihu
Experience Cloud Blog
SEE Conf
Experience Tech Conference
Help
GitHub
Change Log
FAQ
For Agents
Bug Report
Issues
Discussions
StackOverflow
SegmentFault
More Products
YuQue
Document Collaboration Platform
AntV
Data Visualization
Egg
Enterprise Node.js Framework
Kitchen
Sketch Toolkit
Galacean
Interactive Graphics Solution
WeaveFox
AI Development with WeaveFox 🦊
Ant Financial Experience Tech
Theme Editor
Made with
by
Ant Group and Ant Design Community
The font system is one of the most foundational parts of any interface design.
Text is a major channel for users to understand application content and complete their work, and a well designed font system will greatly enhance the user's reading experience and work efficiency. The Ant Design typography system is based on the design principle of "dynamic order" combined with the law of natural logarithm and temperament. We strongly recommend it since it has been verified by a large number of Ant products. While defining the font system for a visual system, we propose to start from the following five aspects:
In order to implement a good font system, the first thing is to choose an appropriate font family. Ant Design prefers the system default font family and then also provides a set of alternative font libraries to maintain readability for screens on different platforms and browsers and to make sure it's always user friendly, stable and professional to end user.
css
@font-family
-apple-system
BlinkMacSystemFont
'Segoe UI'
Roboto
'Helvetica Neue'
Arial
'Noto Sans'
sans-serif
'Apple Color Emoji'
'Segoe UI Emoji'
'Segoe UI Symbol'
'Noto Color Emoji'
References:
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2015/11/using-system-ui-fonts-practical-guide/
and
https://markdotto.com/blog/github-system-fonts/
In addition, in many applications, numbers often need to be displayed vertically. We recommend setting the CSS property
font-variant-numeric
to
tabular-nums
to use
tabular figures
References：
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32660748/how-to-use-apples-new-san-francisco-font-on-a-webpage#comment78509178_32660790
We have updated Ant Design's base font size from the original 12 to 14 to ensure the best user reading efficiency on most common monitors based on display screen reading distance (50 cm) and optimal reading angle (0.3).
The font scale and line height determine the beauty of the dynamics and order of a font system. Font scale refers to a series of font with different sizes. Line height can be understood as an invisible box wrapped outside the font.
Ant Design was inspired by the pentatonic scale and natural law to define 10 different font sizes and corresponding line heights.
In Ant Design's visual system, our recommended base font size is 14, and its corresponding line height is 22. The choice of the rest of the font scale can be freely defined according to the specific circumstances. It is recommended that in a design system (except for display pages), the choice of font scale should be controlled within 3 to 5 types, and the principle of restraint should be maintained.
The choice of font weight is also based on the principles of order, stability, and restraint. In most cases, just regular(400) and medium(500) should be enough. In the case of bold English words, semibold(600) could be used.
Heading Text
#000000E0
#FFFFFFD9
Text
Secondary Text
#000000A6
#FFFFFFA6
Disabled Text
#00000040
#FFFFFF40
Default Border
#D9D9D9
#424242
Separator
#0505050F
#FDFDFD1F
Layout Background
#F5F5F5
#000000
Text will be difficult to read if it is too close to the background color. To achieve barrier-free design, we follow the WCAG standard, which maintains an AAA level of contrast ratio, i.e. 7:1 or more between body text, title, and background color.
The construction of the font system is the first step to achieve "the beauty of dynamic order". In practical design, we have three more advanced tips:
Establish a systematic design thinking:
In the UI design of the same system, a systematic design thinking should be established first. The primary, secondary, auxiliary, title, display, and other types of fonts are planned in a unified manner. And then make any necessary fine tuning according to the specific situation. The establishment of a systematic design approach helps to increase the consistency of horizontal font landing, improve the cost-effectiveness of font uses, and avoid unnecessary style waste.
Less is more:
Visual design should be achieved with as few styles as possible. Avoid meaningless use of large numbers of font scales, colors, and font weight to emphasize visual or contrast relationships.
Try to make font scale dance like a note:
When you need to expand any gap, you can try to choose the different sizes of the font from the font scale table, which will create a subtle rhythm between the word scales.